lyrics_directory                            = ~/.ncmpcpp/lyrics
ncmpcpp_directory                           = ~/.ncmpcpp
mpd_music_dir                               = "/media/EveryThing/Music/Music Audio"
mpd_host                                    = "127.0.0.1"
mpd_port                                    = "6601"

autocenter_mode                             = yes
media_library_primary_tag                   = album_artist
fetch_lyrics_for_current_song_in_background = no
follow_now_playing_lyrics                   = yes
external_editor                             = vim

display_bitrate                             = yes
display_remaining_time                      = yes
playlist_show_remaining_time                = yes
playlist_shorten_total_times                = yes
playlist_display_mode                       = columns
playlist_editor_display_mode                = "classic"

browser_display_mode                        = columns
progressbar_boldness                        = no
progressbar_elapsed_color                   = white
progressbar_look                            = ―◆
progressbar_color                           = "green"

state_flags_color                           = "green"
state_line_color                            = "green"
statusbar_color                             = "green"
search_engine_display_mode                  = "columns"
song_status_format                          = {{%a - }{%t}}|{%f}
song_columns_list_format                    = "(25)[green]{a} (40)[]{f} (30)[green]{b} (7f)[green]{l}"

visualizer_in_stereo                        = "yes"
visualizer_fifo_path                        = "/tmp/mpd.fifo"
visualizer_output_name                      = "my_fifo"
visualizer_sync_interval                    = "20"
visualizer_type                             = "ellipse"
#visualizer_look                             = "●▮"
visualizer_sample_multiplier                = "1"
message_delay_time                          = "3"
visualizer_color                            = "red,green"

centered_cursor                             = "yes"
header_window_color                         = "green"
volume_color                                = "green"
mouse_list_scroll_whole_page                = "yes"
lines_scrolled                              = "1"
enable_window_title                         = "yes"

use_console_editor                          = "yes"
